Changes to fit the OSPO requirements (#2)
kyma-project/template-repository: README.md

> **NOTE:** This is a general template that can be used for a project README.md, example README.md, or any other README.md type in all Kyma repositories in the Kyma organization. Except for the mandatory sections, use only those sections that suit your use case but keep the proposed section order.
>
> Mandatory sections: 
> - `Overview`

> > - `Contributing` - do not change this!

Reviewer: to match the order of headlines in the doc:

```suggestion
> - `Prerequisites`, if there are any requirements regarding hard- or software
> - `Contributing` - do not change this!
```

> - `Code of Conduct` - do not change this!
> - `Licensing` - do not change this!

> > - `Prerequisites`, if there are any requirements regarding hard- or software

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # {Project Title} (mandatory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# {Project Title}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- mandatory section --->
```

> > **NOTE:** It is a general template that can be used for a project README.md, example README.md, or any other README.md type in all Kyma repositories in the Kyma organization. The `Overview`, `Contributing`, `Code of Conduct` and `Licensing` sections are mandatory. The `Prerequisites` section is mandatory if there are any requirements regarding hard- or software. All other sections are optional. Use only those that suit your use case but keep the proposed section order. Leave the `Contributing`, `Code of Conduct` and `Licensing` sections like they are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** This is a general template that can be used for a project README.md, example README.md, or any other README.md type in all Kyma repositories in the Kyma organization. Except for the mandatory sections, use only those sections that suit your use case but keep the proposed section order.
>
> Mandatory sections: 
> - `Overview`
> - `Contributing` - do not change this!
> - `Code of Conduct` - do not change this!
> - `Licensing` - do not change this!
> - `Prerequisites`, if there are any requirements regarding hard- or software
```

> **NOTE:** This is a general template that can be used for a project README.md, example README.md, or any other README.md type in all Kyma repositories in the Kyma organization. Except for the mandatory sections, use only those sections that suit your use case but keep the proposed section order.
>
> Mandatory sections: 
> - `Overview`
> - `Prerequisites`, if there are any requirements regarding hard- or software
> - `Contributing` - do not change this!
> - `Code of Conduct` - do not change this!
> - `Licensing` - do not change this!

# {Project Title}

> <!--- mandatory section --->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- mandatory --->
```

> Modify the title and insert the name of your project. Use Heading 1 (H1).

> ## Overview (mandatory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
<!--- mandatory section --->
```

> - **Symptom**
> - **Cause**
> - **Remedy**

## Contributing

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- mandatory section - do not change this! --->

```

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Code of Conduct

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- mandatory section - do not change this! --->

```

See [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Licensing

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- mandatory section - do not change this! --->

```

> See the [License file](./LICENSE)

Reviewer: why all caps for the two links above, but not here?
For consistency:

```suggestion
See the [LICENSE file](./LICENSE)
```
